Why is this going so fast?
Okay, we're talking to it late.
Okay, and we're in Cornell here.
Just don't even think about that thing in Twitter.
Okay, and what we're going to look at is World Wide Web.
Okay.
And we have some very specific uses that we see for the web.
We don't see it as ever replacing our materials.
We have the real thing.
That's the first thing you said to me.
That's the first thing we say, is that for virtually everything, these are not preservation copies, this is for access.
And that's a terribly important distinction because people are always saying, well, aren't we going to just be able to throw everything out and just have the digital copy?
Because there are people that say that, though.
There are people who say it all the time.
They kind of say, well, perhaps that's our job security.
In the future, libraries will become book archives.
I heard that here yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
In the context of a colleague of yours.
He said, you know, by the year 2000, we can only have five million books here.
And so what are we going to do?
You tell me.
Well, certainly the books we have are books that we have because they have some more effects on it.
And that's what, I think, the difference between a rare book, however you define it.
And a rare book may be a book that's published today.
Of course.
But it's a book that, for some reason, the physical part of that.
Yeah, I mean, there were worthless books that were published 200 years ago.
Of course.
And there were exceedingly scarce books published five years ago.
So the timing is really not necessarily relevant, I guess.
And certainly in the archives, there are things that are unique, but not particularly rare.
There you go.
I have hundreds of students' scrapbooks.
You can have some of mine if you want.
They are unique, but they are not rare.
So part of what we've tried to do is
We do a lot of exhibits in our exhibit gallery.
The exhibits last for three months because we don't want to keep material out for very long.
We might be bad for it.
Exhibits have certain intrinsic problems.
You can't see pages.
You can't see the back of the letters.
So we have experimented with putting several of our exhibits up as websites.
And the first one
It's not the first one that we did, but it has some other interesting aspects to it.
It's an exhibit on Ezra Cornell.
And Ezra Cornell, of course, is the founder of the university.
But that wasn't how I wanted to see him.
Yeah, yeah.
This is an internet connection.
Don't try this at home.
It's not so fast.
I would be probably up here right now.
With a 28-8 modem, it's not so fast.
And that's, of course, a problem.
We understand that.
In fact, people may want to turn off pictures if they're really doing it at home and just read the text and then get a picture selectively.
But I can punch you into this from my computer?
Absolutely.
Anywhere in the world.
So this is how do I do it?
This is just, it's rnc-www.library.cornell.com.
I can give you a bookmark.
Bookmark, bookmark.
In Netscape they have something called bookmarks.
This is a bookmark.
This could almost be a collectible item.
We have several.
We're doing a set.
And what that will get you to is the
general home page, which will, in fact, come very quickly regardless of your computer, because it's just that.
And then you want to go to exhibits and events, and then you can go to any more exhibits.
Okay.
And so it's really, so we're going to initially become no one.
And what I tried to do in this exhibit was to use this
Family collection, because that's what it really is.
Now, may I just interrupt?
This is an online exhibit?
This is an online exhibit.
It was a real exhibit last week in the gallery.
Because this is new to me.
I've not seen an online exhibit before.
Oh, okay.
This is what... Are there any others that you know?
Oh, there's lots of them, yeah.
And it's becoming a real trend for people to do because it gives you a nice record of what you've done.
And allows you to use your things.
It's a little... We've done printed catalogs and...
This is a different theme.
Okay.
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
No, no, please.
Don't interrupt me at any point.
Because you're very simply stop realizing when you're talking about it.
You're not saying that's fine.
Why don't you know why am I jumping in?
No, no.
As I say, it was one of the very surprising things that I learned is that you start using terms.
And the terms that everybody knows, of course.
But they don't.
If I don't, I never hesitate.
Go ahead.
And I am computer literate.
So this, in fact, this is the title page, in fact.
This was an introduction.
This was the first case.
And there was a physical case that had this text and these images.
It didn't have this on the top.
And it allows you to go back to the beginning.
We have a timeline.
There is a guide to the collection.
Actually, this is based on a big manuscript collection, the papers and Ezra Cornell.
You can ask a question of a reference person, send an email to a reference person, or you can go back to the home page, and that's all done with stuff.
But the premise of this exhibit was that, in many ways, Ezra Cornell personified a lot of what was going on in the 19th century.
Here was this individual who was born to a poor family,
He struggles for most of his life.
He's involved in the major technological revolution of the 19th century, the telegraph.
And he, through 19th century business practices, in fact, winds up a big chunk of Western Union stock in his late 15s, has a lot of money.
It's a great story.
What do we immediately do when he discovers he has a lot of money?
He tries to figure out how to give it away.
And so you have
Here a picture of him as a young man.
And then you have, he has a ciphering book that he put together.
It's a nice image.
And this image was taken, a photograph was taken of the book, a slide actually.
It was a slide.
I see.
And the photo CDs come from here.
Well, they look a bit like this, although this is not actually a photo CD, but they look like three rounds.
And so we can click on this to make it bigger.
Let me see what the... This was all designed?
This was designed here, and I hope the person who informed the people who designed it won't join us, actually.
Do you call these people engineers?
No, the person who designed it has a background.
She has a master's in communication.
She's already up and down.
And she really has... I think what's interesting with the website is that now the technology is not so important to design it.
The technology is there.
It's not quite transparent.
It's not quite...
up to sort of word processing.
This is more like my speed.
Yeah, I don't know why this is so slow.
And that's interesting that it does really, in fact, change speed a little bit.
The server for this is actually down the hall.
So you'd think that would be rather fast, but in fact it's actually going through the network, through the server, back to the network, back to us.
The physical proximity is not relevant.
This is very relevant.
In any case, he's doing something else.
But you can talk.
So in any event, he immediately decides he's got to give away the community.
His children are run out.
They're all established.
The first thing he does is fund the public library.
Then later he writes to his attorneys and says, well, the phone library's only cost me about $70,000.
I still have a lot of money.
What am I going to do?
And that's when it's involved with the insurance.
For what year was this?
About 1863, 1864.
But he talks about a favorable change in the cage above, which promised to give a favorable turn to the lifelong loss and gain account continues.
The yearly income which I will realize this year will exceed $100,000.
Now I can punch this up with a copy of it.
Yep, exactly.
But my greatest care is how to spend this large income to do the most good to those who are properly dependent on age, to the poor and to the poor.
It's a great sentiment.
How long have you been doing this kind of thing?
This particular kind of thing?
Well, 40 Billion and Evolution, we started in 19, really in 1992, with the first project to do digital images of images, in other words, not of text.
And that was a project that was a product in cooperation with Kodak.
But it's called Kodak, a kind of hybrid image consortium where they can.
So it's K-O-I-C.
K-O-I-C.
K-O-I
of anthropological art.
And we tried university photographs that were in microtons that were left to explain that, going from microtons to digital.
So photographs didn't really work very much.
What you were putting in wasn't sufficiently high quality.
And so what we got out was we tried with some oversized drawings, architectural drawings of a tunnel in John Lohan.
And that was mixed with that.
But certainly in terms of photographs and artwork and items like that, it was very successful.
And so, for instance, you can see in case of, we'll go on to, well, the telegraph.
This was a case.
This was a case on a telegraph.
No, we actually, because the text was machine readable, you could just put it into an HTML script.
You can see what it looks like, actually.
That's what's behind Bokeh.
And so it's telling it what to do with the title.
And it's really just the text.
I know they say the text was just the file that we're reading in.
And so the text is there.
And then it tells it, here are its pictures.
Now, of course, you're doing this with a physical exhibit.
Right.
Was the temptation such that the rich resources of the collections that you could do something?
There wasn't physical.
There wasn't physical, but that's entirely online, I guess.
Sure, yeah.
And have you done that?
Mm-hmm.
Well, again, I'm saying with an exhibit, you can show different sides of the letter.
Obviously, in the case, we can only show one side, but in the case, it was small.
You can only get a very different thing.
With the example of a book,
We often take one page and imagine you could show the whole book, really.
Oh, sure.
Yes, indeed.
We didn't do that in this exhibit, but I would have liked to.
And this does, you know, there are some campaign items from a political campaign.
It's, you know, it's kind of an interesting thing.
But what's particularly, the other thing that this really does,
is it allows you to go to the guide to the collection, which is really terrifying.
So what's codex involved with the line?
At this point, really, they're still developing some of the other student technologies.
But does this research, are you necessarily doing research or are you basically practicing things that are developed, I guess?
We're basically practicing things.
And they're evaluating what we've done.
It is a semiotic kind of a thing.
So if you click here, now this will get you to something else.
And you may have heard about Making of America.
And the interface that you're seeing here is really one of the suggestions for Making of America interface.
So this is a guide to the culture.
And you can answer to the entire Ezra Cornell papers.
This is just right.
And it is actually a physical book.
Did you have these connections for all of the collections?
We had them for a lot, actually, before.
We had probably about 8,000 collections here, nearly 40,000 to the students here.
And is there a ton of anything that you have across that thing?
We probably have a reasonable level of control of those activities.